Docs: Add KV documentation (#3878)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/understand/sizing-guide.md

see [Important metrics](#important-metrics) below to understand how to size this: it should be big enough to hold all commit metadata for actively referenced commits.

> ### Metadata Store

Reviewer: Will use 'Database' or 'Store' and not metadata store as it very easy to mix in our eco system what is metadata.

> lakeFS maintains a key-value metadata store to manage branch references, authentication and authorization information 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lakeFS uses a key-value database to manage branch references, authentication and authorization information 
```

and to keep track of currently uncommitted data across branches.

#### Storage
The dataset stored in the metadata store is relatively modest as most metadata is pushed down into the object store. 
Required storage is mostly a factor of the amount of uncommitted writes across all branches at any given point in time: 
in the range of 150 MiB per every 100,000 uncommitted writes. 

We recommend starting at 10 GiB for a production deployment, as it will likely be more than enough.

> #### RAM

Reviewer: Would consider having just a section/header per database type, under 'Database' - each section will describe the RAM and CPU and/or other recommendations like share_bufferes.

Author: Each way we do it, we might encounter some issues. Maybe the solution is to create a separate page for each implementation?

Reviewer: Agree, what I meant in section per database type - I would expect to have the everything related to Postgres in one place and not look for mem and cpu related to postgres in two different sections.

Since the data size is small, it's recommended to provide enough memory to hold the vast majority of that data in RAM.

> Cloud providers will save you the need to tune this parameter - it will be set to a fixed percentage the chosen instance's available RAM (25% on AWS RDS, 30% on Google Cloud SQL).

Reviewer: Would just note that you should check how to provision different database configurations on your cloud provider.
